docs(microservices): updated documented grpc sample (#1777)
nestjs/docs.nestjs.com: content/microservices/grpc.md

> info **Hint** The `join()` function is imported from the `path` package; the `Transport` enum is imported from the `@nestjs/microservices` package.

> Later in the `nest-cli.json` file, we add the assets property that allows us to distribute non-TypeScript files, in our case the `.proto` file. This way, during the build phase, you can edit non-TypeScript files and compile and test iteratively.
> 
> ```json
> {
>   "compilerOptions": {
>     "assets": ["**/*.proto"]
>   }
> }
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the `nest-cli.json` file, we add the `assets` property that allows us to distribute non-TypeScript files, and `watchAssets` - to turn on watching all non-TypeScript assets. In our case, we want `.proto` files to be automatically copied to the `dist` folder. 

```json
{
  "compilerOptions": {
    "assets": ["**/*.proto"],
    "watchAssets": true
  }
}
```
```

> info **Hint** The `register()` method takes an array of objects. Register multiple packages by providing a comma separated list of registration objects.

Later in the `nest-cli.json` file, we add the assets property that allows us to distribute non-TypeScript files, in our case the `.proto` file. This way, during the build phase, you can edit non-TypeScript files and compile and test iteratively.

```json
{
  "compilerOptions": {
    "assets": ["**/*.proto"]
  }
}
```

> 

Reviewer: This addition looks great overall, but I don't that "Client" heading is an appropriate section for this (especially in the middle of the `ClientsModule` example which is completely unrelated to this newly inserted block).

Author: What if we put it before the subtitle "Client"?

Reviewer: I think the best place to add it would be the "Overview" section (by the end of it) @Tony133

Author: Moved to the "Overview" section as you said
